GARMENTS FOR ALL SEASONS AND REASONS

Diaper for her/Belly Bands for him
Specially designed diapers which accommodate standard female panty liners for quick, economical changes and peace of mind. Use for incontinence, marking indoors, female dogs in heat, post surgery and peace of mind during long periods of travel. The outer layer is a washable, breathable fabric and an inner flannel or cotton layer for comfort.

Splash Pants	
An all-season pant to keep home and vehicles clean and dry.  Keep legs and belly free of rain, snow, dirt, grasses and twigs.

Rain coat	
No more wet dog smell!  Waterproof outer layer and a light soft inner layer to keep pets dry. Splash pants are also highly recommended with this item.

Winter coat	
Recommended for dogs breeds that do not have an undercoat, as well as seniors dogs of all breeds. Keeps pet warm and dry and has an insulating core.

Cooling coat	
Who needs ice-cream when there's a cooling coat! The inner layer of the coat absorbs and holds water to keep the body cool and comfortable while the outer layer prevents water from wetting floors and furniture. Keeps pet cool and comfortable in summer heat. The inner layer keeps the coat dry. The outer layer can be flamboyant or subtle.

PJ	 
This product was created with senior dogs in mind, as well as those with no undercoat or hairless. These PJs are warm and cozy, giving a nice snuggle feeling. Warning: dogs may want to sleep in longer

GROOMING GARMENTS

Warming coat	
After bathing, used to retain moisture, warmth and prevent fur from curling and drying until the grooming is completed.

Bibs		
For the sloopy jobs, created from soft absorbant terry cloth to capture drool and dripping.

Pee Wrap
Covering from neck to belly to keep urine from discolouring furnishings.	

Body Sock	
After washing, the Body Sock keeps the coat smooth and from curling. This is a 4-way stretch material that is snug on the body from neck to tail. 

Snood		
Covering the head from crown to neck to keep the ears clean and dry when eating or drinking. Also recommended for all seasons to protect ears and neck during cold winter walks; retaining warmth to the exposed head and neck areas.  The Snood is available in cotton, sheer or complimentary to Winter Coat or Splash Pant fabrics.	


		
